you
good evening I shall resign the
presidency at noon tomorrow
this is an historic day my only time a
president has ever designed and also
knew about a Watergate cover-up the man
who has committed the greatest felony in
American history will never stand trial
I've had an idea for an interview
Richard Nixon you're a talk show host
but yesterday watching you interview the
Bee Gees when they cherish it why would
I want to talk to go before I got half a
million dollars really first his hide
three crack investigators can I be
correct one glad we get cracking can you
shake his hand after everything he's
done this country are you kidding me Oh
pleasure tomato mr. president
that was devastating I don't think he's
ever gonna get over that
frost is just not in your class sir
you're gonna be able to rebuild your
reputation this entire project is a joke
I'll do hope others are coming out of
your own pocket I wish my pockets for
that deep I mean this for everything
I've got
there's a reason they call him tricky
dick standby to roll tape
you know pleasant evening last night yes
four three two to go on in four no code
whew David the American people need a
conviction I'd like to give Richard
Nixon the trial he never had
democracy depends on we're not gonna
happen
we're gonna Michael choke on our heart
glory why didn't you burn the tank
I didn't want to take 19 questions on
water guy shut it down
I will ruin you it takes the rest of my
life what have I done they think this
interview Nixon exonerates himself boar
that would be the worst crime of all
three two cue David
are you really saying the president
could do something illy I'm saying that
when the President does it that means
it's not illegal I'm sorry